Hey guys! This is my story!
l wish my life was like my room.
Complex. complicated! Completely
out of control!
A super delicate zone.
To handle which. you need to be
constantly alert and active!
Oh by the way.. thats me. Rohan.
lf my mother had her way.
she would have..
..named me Mohan instead of Rohan.
After all her daily morning
ritual is harping..
..get up. Mohan Pyare.
Oh no!
Bye. mom! l will have my
breakfast in the school!
And l am taking my bike!
And mom. please dont wash
my Lee jeans! - Okay!
l thought today too..
- We will reach there.
And he is Sudhir.
A friend. a philosopher. Misguide.
l tolerated him for 9 long years.
He does fewer things in
life and he fears more.
He is our gangs number 10.
He bets for every trivial matter.
His pillow talk is..
Want to bet? We wont
be able to reach.
You are always scared. Lets go.
- Come on.
Look!
Scoundrel!
We dont care for seasons.
We have guts.
We never forget our friends.
Like some storm.
Day and night.
We always do what our heart says.
Friendship is the
most important thing.
Friendship is everything.
We consider friendship
as our life.
The assembly got over.
Exactly. Perfect timing.
Come on!
Which is the first period?
- Accounts.
Lala! Oh no!
Hold it!
- Oh no!
Today we are gone!
What are you boys doing
out of the class here?
l came for rounds. maam.
He has worn the wrong shoes.
This had happened in
the last week too!
What to do. maam? He doesnt
listen to anybody.
Actually my dog is teething.
So he nibbles the shoes.
Next time no more excuses.
Please go back to your class!
Okay. maam!
- Yes. maam.
Will you always be the prefect!
Fine! Next time you be the prefect!
You can even be the principal!
Whats up? Today too you are late!
Saxena held me!
What are you saying? Held you?
Mr. Javed. He is an
uninteresting guy.
Because there is only one
interest in Javeds life.
Sex.. l mean Mrs. Saxena.
Our maths teacher. One track mind.
Horny Sheikh.
Seriously last night l
would have been caught!
Nice keychain!
Do you know who gave me? Faraz-bhai!
He is the man!
Bro.. l have decided!
ln my summer holidays l will take
training in his travel agency.
Airline. ticketing and stuff!
Give one full ticket
to Pallika bazaar.
He will do ticketing!
Again the same thing!
What do you say?
What an attitude!
His name is Vasu!
The angry young man of our gang.
He has never locked horns.
But he always talks about beating.
Shall l hit him?
Good morning. sir!
Good morning! Good morning!
He has come!
Sorry! Sorry! l am late!
lt is good that he is late.
Lets start right away!
He bores a lot!
Today we shall discuss the
difference between..
..book keeping and accountancy!
Okay!
Friends.. listen!
ls book keeping merely keeping
the books of a company!
No! Book keeping is actually
a cycle of 8 stages.
Like..
Debit.. credit..
Expenditure.
The light of knowledge
can be very blinding!
Friends.. the growth of such
a company is unlimited.
So.. and that very summation
explains my drawing.
Lala Rockstar!
Javed Sheikh!
Oh no!
So you find accountancy
humorous. Sheikh?
No. sir!
The way you all concentrate in
my class.. l am surprised..
..how do you all even pass!
Sit down! Sit down!
Fool!
So where was l?
- ln the class!
Any joker will not
be laughing! Quiet!
Accountancy is a serious
subject. You know..
Lets take an example from life.
Lalas cartoon. By Rohan.
Now see how l teach Rohan a lesson!
Are you mad? Rohan. the
class is going on! Rohan!
Here is five rupees..
Sir! l have a question!
- Now what?
Shantanu!
Drop that down and come here!
Come here. Shantanu!
You boys are in lot of trouble!
- Oh no!
Stop.. what class?
- Kneel down!
1 1C!
- What house?
Tagore.
Who is your class teacher?
- Ms. Poonawala.
Does she know that you
are out of the class?
Actually l..
Stop! Why is your hair open?
- But my hair..
l mean why is your hair tied?
Dont you know that on Tuesdays..
..girls have to leave
their hair open?
What?
And she is..
Who is she? Sorry.
l dont know her.
But l do know.. that she is the
solution of my current problem.
Stay here for the next
half an hour.
Next time be more..
Careful. Okay.
Javed Sheikh. when are you going to..
..become a responsible student?
You are always late for your class.
- Yes. maam.
Hold it! This isnt
the way to dress up!
Go now!
- Okay. maam!
Oh God! He said to leave
your hair open and you..
Yeah! But how was l to know that..
Hi. Simi!
- Hi!
You know nothing. Ayesha.
Boys in London might be straight.
But here.. just stick with me.
Whatever you want to learn..
you know l will teach you.
Hey. Simi! Come on! Give
me! Give me! Give me!
Hi. Shantu! This is Ayesha!
Hi!
- Hi. Ayesha! Shantanu!
She is from St. Raphayas London.
You are from London? Thats cool!
But our school is hotter!
Hey. boys! See you. girls!
- Bye!
He is a show-off! But
l can understand!
When you got it.. you
flaunt it. Am l right?
Seriously got saved!
Otherwise l would have
been in trouble! - Yes!
Where is Boney?
- l dont know.
Must be following the girls!
- Great!
Hi. guys!
Where were you?
- Nowhere!
What happened?
- Nothing!
Say where were you?
- Nowhere!
Now do say it!
Actually..
- Come on!
Saxena likes me!
The boys in this school
are very sporty.
They have to be! You know!
lf they want to impress us!
l mean who inspired Shantu
to play basketball? Me!
He is good!
Sorry. Simran!
Almost as good as Rohan!
Rohan?
He is in his class. Another
guy another day.
One is enough for a day.
Rohan is Rohan. But Shantu
is Shantu. Get it?
Yeah.
Yes!
Come on! Take out the money!
You cant use short cut!
You crib so much! Number 10!
You dont bet for more
than 10 rupees!
And when you lose.. you miser!
Again he lost!
- Today too!
Guys!
She is aunt! come.
Must be around 30!
Beloved.
What an aunt!
Wear your specs and see.
Horny Sheikh!
She is not less than 40!
No! ln sari all girls
look like aunts!
Want to bet for 10 rupees?
- Okay.
You go and ask!
Got scared.
- What do l care?
Yes!
- l have to only ask her!
Right!
What else? Why to get scared?
lts your bet! lts an easy
bet! You will win it!
Fine! Asking a persons
age is not a crime.
Best of luck!
- Go ahead!
Best of luck. man!
He will be beaten with the sandals!
That too high heels!
Thank you!
Excuse me!
- No. l dont want..
No. l..
Do you have change?
You? ls this the way you should
talk to your elders?
No. maam!
You are from Laurence High? Right?
- Yes. maam!
Which class?
- No. maam! l mean 12B!
Sorry. maam!
- Thats better!
You want the change for how much?
- 100 rupees.
Actually not l. my friends.
Look! There!
Look!
There you go!
- Thanks.. aunt!
We will succeed!
We will succeed someday!
lt happens!
Shameless! ls this the
way to talk to elders!
Shall l call mummy?
- Or aunt!
So how was school. dear?
- Pretty cool. mama!
ln fact quite interesting.
- Thats nice!
Hey guess what?
l saw your snap in librarys
alma books.
God! You look so.. black and white!
That reminds me! Do you
remember.. aunt Renu?
My childhood friend. She had called.
Tonight we have to go to
her house for dinner.
You go!
Dear. it wont look good! She
has especially invited you.
And.. comb your hair properly.
Wow! Right on time!
- Hi!
lt feels so nice to meet
you after so many years!
Me too! You are looking gorgeous!
And this must be Ayesha.
Hello. aunt!
- Hi. dear.
Nice house!
How is your UN work going on?
- Perfect!
lt has been so long!
- Yeah!
8 years or is it 9?
Look at that! So sweet! Naked!
And this is when we had gone
to Nepal for our honeymoon.
Renu.. who is this thin guy?
He is my husband!
Carefully. dear!
- Sorry. aunt! Bathroom?
There.
And this is how Rohan
Soods private..
..performance no longer
remained private.
l know!
- l didnt know what to do!
Renu. what was the
need to do so much?
lts nothing. Sheetal!
- So sweet of you!
Where is Rohan? Rohan!
lll do that!
Son. she is Ayesha. She
has joined your school.
Before that she was in London.
Hi!
And she is aunt Sheetal.
- Hello.
l have seen you before.
Me? No way. aunt! l dont
go to any petrol pump!
l mean.. mom. l am leaving.
l am going to Vasus
club along with him.
Rohan. aunt Sheetal and Ayesha..
..have especially come to meet you.
l know. mom!
But mom. from tomorrow
our basketball..
..tournament is going to start!
l really need to practise. mom!
Please! l have to go. mom! Please!
Of course you can go. dear.
Thank you.. aunt.
This boy too!
Want to bet for 10 rupees?
The ball wont go in!
Shall l hit you?
Hey. guess what?
- What?
Last night l saw Rohan dancing
in his underwear.
l told you!
Fine!
What was he thinking?
Uncle! Ball!
Come and take it. child!
Shantu. give me the ball!
Balls.. to you!
And sir. this Shantu..
- Hey!
Oldest trick in the book!
Saved by the bell.. child!
l will teach you a lesson.. uncle!
Sir. l missed my bus. And sir.
my maths tuitions..
Sit!
- Thank you. sir!
Laurence High!
- Yes. sir!
Which class?
- 12B. sir!
Oh! Do you know Rohan?
Yes. sir! Sir. you know him?
Yes. he is business partners son.
He praises him a lot.
He says he is a brilliant student.
He is well mannered. He
is teachers favourite.
My Rohan this. my Rohan that!
- Sir. Rohan..
l too think that my partner
exaggerates about his son.
Yes. sir! Rohan is the most
rowdy boy in the school. sir!
Last bencher!
Sir. do you know? l have never
seen Rohan in the assembly.
Sir. Rohan and his friends
even bunk classes.
And last week.. last week they
had bunked the class and..
..they had gone to
watch a movie. sir.
What!
Sir. you know which movie?
- Which one?
Sir. Batman Begins. Sir.
its an adult film.
And it has a.. kissing scene. sir.
- Oh!
And sir. who told you that
Rohan is a nice guy?
l think he is fooling his papa.
Sir. take left turn for my house.
Mom. l am back! l am famished.
mom! Some food..
Oh no!
Again the room is tidy!
Mom! Mom. what have you done!
Now how will l find my things?
How many times!
Hi. dad! When did you come?
Hi!
Nowadays what are you
learning in school?
The usual. dad! ln fact
quite boring! - Oh!
l didnt know.. Batman
Begins is boring!
Dad!
l.. l mean..
You were going to watch
this movie with me.
Now will l take your mom
for an action movie?
Dad. you too!
Very good! You both father
and son are great!
ln the future when he will be
expelled from the school..
..then how will you praise him?
Come on. Renu! Such things
happen at this age!
He will understand gradually.
l am sure. - Correct!
l have understood after
explaining to him..
..that he wont understand.
And when.. after our
image is tarnished?
l told you what he did yesterday..
..in front of my friend Mrs. Mehra.
Mom. this is backbiting.
- Shut up!
She is new in town.
Tomorrow go to buy school
books for Ayesha.
Mrs. Mehra goes to school?
Ayesha is her daughter.
But why me. mom?
- Because l have promised her.
You promised her.. then you only go.
ls she pretty?
- Dad!
Sorry. mom! l am not going!
Listen. let me carry some!
- No. no. no! lts okay!
Are you sure you will carry?
l am sorry!
Tom Cruise and Katie Homes.
The most romantic
couple in the world!
Yeah?
Dont you know? Tom proposed
Katie on Eiffel Tower.
Why? Guests had come at home?
Rohan.. you too! Forget it!
This is the most romantic
thing to do. - Okay.
And.. do you miss London?
Not so much. But l do
miss my friends a lot.
Sana. Ruhi. Taurus. Joe.
Joanna.
Oh!
By the way.. if your rock
concert is over..
Can l have my hair band back please?
Sure! l will get it tomorrow!
But open hair suits you.
Come on!
Hi!
- Hi!
No. no. no. Abhiroop!
You are not getting it!
The assumption of your
square root is wrong.
l have done this 9 times! Look!
Einstein! You took lift from my dad..
and you spoke ill about me!
No. no! He was not your dad.
Tell me! Who is my dad.. you
will know that or l will?
Dont disturb us. Rohan!
We are studying!
Whats new in that?
Preparing for PHD?
These are the books for Olympiads.
Olympics! Will you keep the
book on your head and run?
Maths Olympiads is the biggest..
..Mathematics contest in this world.
And we both are participating
on behalf of the school.
All the best! Return safely!
lf anybody asks for me then
say that l was busy.
Okay!
Do you know where are we going for
school summer trip? Nainital!
Again! The Principal is
having some affair there?
Mrs. Saxena too is coming.
The teacher is above parents.
And you Horny Sheikh.. you are
smitten by your teacher!
She is hot!
- Lets go!
You will surely land
up in prison someday!
That too for the charge
of adult molestation!
Ketchup please!
One Pepsi please!
Hey!
- Hi!
And..
- What else?
And.. is everything fine in London?
- Yes! Fine.
Okay! l get the point!
Your hair band.
Let it be. Open hair suits
me better. - Me too.
So.. are you coming
for Nainital trip?
No. l cant come.
Come on! This is the time!
You should go out!
You should see the world! Come!
Actually l am going to Paris!
Leaving Nainital you are.. Paris!
To my aunts place.
- Rohan!
Good news. guys!
- Your lpod got damaged?
Well have a blast
in school tomorrow.
Do one thing.
Take out the chemical valency
of the remainder.
Chemical valency! Vasu. this
is maths. Not chemistry!
Please go!
Fine! l was only trying to help!
Now you will help us?
Lets go!
Watch the fun!
Excuse me. maam!
Good morning. maam!
- Good morning!
Sit down!
Yes. Tell me.
Maam. please help us
with this problem!
Do something!
- Oh no!
Let me see what you are doing.
Do something.
You see. you transfer this
portion to this side.
Excuse me. maam!
Dont move! Dont move!
lt exploded!
l am going to take them
to the principle!
l will have them thrown
out of the school.
They dont want to concentrate
on their studies.
This had to happen.
He tries to be a hero.
Anyway. if Rohan is thrown
out of the school..
..the reputation of our
school will improve.
Come on. lets see.
l dont know why these
guys are. like..
What are you saying.
you were not scared.
What is there to be scared?
On the other hand. l told
the principle clearly..
..sir l did what l had to do.
you do what you have to.
l am sorry sir. please
give me another chance.
l told him. if we dont
play pranks at this age..
..then will we do in at your age?
Sir. l will never do it again sir.
Sir. l promise l will
never do it again.
Sir please sir. sir. sir
not again sir please.
Yellow cards. Again.
You must have a good collection
of yellow cards now.
When l collect 52 of them. then
we will play rummy with it.
But dont your parents say anything?
No. l have received so
many yellow cards..
..but they dont know anything
about it in the house.
Hi - They are rusticating
you from the school.
Who.. told you?
Who told you that l am being
rusticated from the school?
l was.. - And who asked
you to spread this news.
Big damn gossip.
Rohan l am.. l am Sorry.
But l was seriously scared.
thats why mom..
And Shantu was saying that
they will rusticate you.
But l..
Rohan.. yeah l will.
Yeah. yeah bye.
All okay.
ls everything fine?
- Yeah.
Come on Ayesha. thats the
problems with the boys.
lf you do anything its a problem..
..if you dont do anything.
thats a problem too.
You know. if it had been
me in your place..
..then l would have asked
him to get lost.
But Simi. because
of me in his house..
Stop getting so emotional.
he is only a boy come on.
Wow. the new LOreal shade is out.
Come. lets go shopping. Come on.
Did you buy this card for Rohan?
- Yes.
Ayesha. they will take as much
credit as you give them.
You dont know how to handle boys.
Now see. that yellow bike that
just passed by. - Yeah.
lt will take a turn and come back.
- Really. why?
Because of my look.
You know.
Stop.
You dare whistle at girls.
These boys.
Move.
You have started it.
Rewind it. rewind it.
lt has just started. sit.
Play it from the start again.
There is no story in
this that you will miss.
Yes. you have written a
thesis on this. isnt it?
Want to place a bet for 10.
Quiet. l cannot understand
the dialogues.
Pay attention.
My soles are sinking.
it needs fixing.
l like it.
Okay. okay.
Rohan.
Oh God.
Ayesha. how did you come in?
The door was open and.. l
hope l didnt disturb you?
No. no. Yes Tell me.
Another one of your rock videos.
- Yes.
So. - l had come to give
you this card. - Card.
l am really sorry for that day.
- lts okay.
l think l did a stupid thing.
Yeah. yeah.. l mean no.
You helped me so much.
you took me shopping..
..bought text books for me.
- Yeah. yeah.
And that coffee treat too..
- Yeah. yeah. cool. cool.
So you forgive me?
- Yeah. yeah forgiven. forgiven.
Friends.
- Friends. okay.
Okay. l will see you in
school tomorrow. - Okay.
My hair band.
Tomorrow. in the morning.
Okay. enjoy your video.
By keeping quiet. you
kept your mouth shut.
Without letting us know. how
you took the shortcut of love.
Did you think of quick wedding
and quicker marriage?
Come on tell us what
you had thought.
Because. you have been
caught in the act.
Your secret love story..
has been caught.
You have been caught in the act.
Your secret love story..
has been caught.
Let it be. there is
nothing in his heart.
Really. then who..
Dudes. dudes. dudes there is
nothing between me and Ayesha.
You are kidding.
Not even your 4 inches.. of heart.
You will keep awake
the entire night.
You will keep wandering around.
You will turn your back
to your friends.
For the love. like a traitor.
You will visit house twice a day.
But not meet us for months.
Even if you meet us. you
will always praise her.
You will eat and
wear of her choice.
ln short. you are of no use now.
Another one bites the dust.
Today another one falls for love.
Our representative Vasu is
in the right position..
..to tell you about this.
Vasu. vasu. Vasu.
The hair band has created a chaos..
..seems like there is
a foreign hand in this.
This was the news for today
who cares about tomorrow.
Hey guys. see him for the
last time like this.
Soon you will see a
new version of this.
The hands will be yellow.
You would have turned insane.
Mouth will be shut.
The feet will be weak.
Sometimes coffee.
- Sometimes shopping.
Sometimes disc pub. tea-hopping.
Sometimes on.
- Sometimes off.
Sometimes talking.
sometimes quiet.
Sometimes coffee.
- Sometimes shopping.
Sometimes disc pub. tea-hopping.
And suddenly if we meet.
he will ask.
Who are you?
By keeping quiet. you
kept your mouth shut.
Without letting us know. how
you took the shortcut of love.
Did you think of quick wedding
and quicker marriage?
Come on tell us what
you had thought.
You have been caught in the act.
Your secret love story..
has been caught.
You have been caught in the act.
Your secret love story..
has been caught.
They say it will be a casualty.
Tell me is this a one day or a test?
Or 20-20.
Yes. is it just like that or
time pass or sentimental.
One tight slap.
Seems like he didnt have
confidence in his friends..
..thats why he kept the
matter confidential.
Seems like he will talk
for hours on the mobile.
Whats up?
- Nothing. you say whats up.
Nothing. you say whats up.
- Nothing.
Quiet!
Hi mum.
- Hello.
Nice shoes mom.
- Thank you.
Mum. even l want to buy stilettos.
Why stilettos?
- Just like that.
Actually. l..
- You want to impress boys.
Boys.
You dont need stilettos for them.
Then?
For them. just one look.
And you guys..
- Dude you were there..
..you saw what happened.
They dont even listen to me.
This guy wasnt
even there with me..
..you were there and you
saw what happened.
Yeah.
Hi.
- Hi. - Okay. bye.
He started again. come
lets go from here.
Nice card.
l got you something.
- Yeah.
l have washed it.
- Thanks.
Who am l. who am l the one
who was someone else?
l am lost. in my own world.
l was happy with myself.
What has happened to me?
Everything seems to be new.
Everything has changed.
Hey whats going on?
l dont know.
Who am l. who am l. l dont
recognise myself.
What is happening to me.
l cannot understand it?
Every moment whatever
happens l tell you.
Every moment l keep thinking
how you are.
Everything that you say
seems feels to be true.
Everything you do feels nice.
Who am l. who am l the one
who was someone else?
l am lost. in my own world.
l was happy with myself.
What has happened to me?
Everything seems to be new.
Everything has changed.
ls this what you call love.
What you call love.
Yes show him the samples.
950. 487. 120 yeah.
Then we can meet him.
any of the weekends.
Okay. bye.
Will you say something or
just keep standing there?
Dad. l saw you samples
of the summer shades.
Very good dad. superb fabulous.
How much do you want?
Two thousand.
- Two thousand!
Are you planning to
run away from home?
No. no dad today is karaoke night..
..and after that my dinner treat.
- Dinner treat.
Yeah.
- ls today your birthday?
Now dad. how can today be
my birthday. thats..
Have you won a maths quiz?
- No.
Did you top the school?
Dad. how can l ask the girl to pay?
Girl. so you are going on a date.
No. just friends.
Why not. why not son.
Here. two thousand rupees. Spend it
And this in case. but
l want this one back..
..along with the car.
- Car?
Yeah. a chauffeur driven car.
That girl should realise. how
lucky she is. - Thanks dad.
Have a great time.
Come on Simi. we are just
going to karaoke night.
So. wont there be boys?
You know.
Wow. big collection.
Not as big as my other collection.
- Which collection?
Of boyfriends.
l wish l could keep them on
the dressing table like this.
Monday Suraj.
Tuesday Vikram. oh he
has become so passe.
You are too much..
- You will not understand.
You just have only one shade.
Monday to Sunday. Rohan.
Dont give me that look.
The entire school is talking
about both of you.
He is your guy right.
No Simi. Rohan and l are..
- Goods friends. blah. blah.
Own up friend. its
not a crime you know.
l dont know. he is nice but..
he never said that..
But baba. sir had said that..
Look l am going very close by.
Do one thing. go and eat something..
..and meet me here in
two hours. understood.
But what will l say to sir?
l love you. l love you. l love you..
Stop. l have done it four times.
..l love you.
l love you. l love you.
What a party. one cosmo please.
Hi.
- Weirdo.
Again. come on.
- lt happens.
Alright. come on.
Baby where are you going.
dance with me.
Where are you going? Baby. baby.
Come on dance.
Thank you.
Hey Ayesha.
- Hi.
Nice dance. - Thanks.
actually Rohan is very good.
Why wont he be?
He has such a lot of experience
in slow dance.
Last year in the social.
with Simi..
..they were very close.
our Rohan is a stud.
Hey.
- Hey.
l am back.
You and Simi. ever..
- What.. who said that?
Actually. that..
He is lying do you want
to believe him or me?
You. actually l was just..
Jealous.
- No.
Yeah. come on lets dance.
Sexy butt.
Want another one?
Oh God.
What do you think you are?
Leave me! Leave me!
What can you do?
Come here.
They ruined the entire mood.
Ayesha! Ayesha. wait!
Wait Ayesha!
But we had cleared the matter.
Thats not the matter. Ayesha!
Dont shout.
Thats not the matter.
l have always seen that Shantu
always behind your back..
You just keep away from Shantu.
Shantu. what behind my backs.
He keeps talking nonsense? -What?
l dont want to say it!
He is a vulgar creep!
Was there is a need
to hit him like that?
Yes it was. because l dont
like that my girlfriend..
l just said what was in my heart.
l was unaware of it myself.
l was lost in you. l was so crazy.
l couldnt understand
what had happened.
Why everything seems to be new.
Everything has changed.
Yes this is what you call love.
You are my love. l know just that.
l dont know anything else.
You are my life. l dont
know anything else.
Crazy about you. the one
l want to hold in my arms.
Crazy about you. you are only
one that the heart likes.
Yes this is what you call love.
Yes this is..
Oh fish!
Permission! Money!
The new car along with the driver!
No matter how much you give to Rohan..
..he still wants more!
He will drive the car himself
and meet with an accident.
Height of irresponsibility! You..
lf something would have
happened to you or..
Ayesha.. - What if something
would have happened to her?
Tell me! Tell me!
Dad l..
- Shut up. not a word!
And you are grounded!
Nothing from today.
No Nainital. no nothing.
Go to your room.
And listen. the
remaining 500 rupees.
Dad. the towing people.
To your room. now!
l dont believe this.
How is Ayesha?
- She is fine.
l was thinking we should
go and meet her tomorrow.
Tomorrow. l have a flight tomorrow..
..but l have a better idea.
Thank God nothing happened..
..but what if something
would have happened?
l know aunt even dad was
saying the same thing.
lt will not happen the next time.
l am sorry aunt.
lts okay. as long as you have
realised your mistake..
..be careful the next time.
Yeah. yeah aunt sure
hundred percent.
Aunt. Ayesha?
- She is in her room.
Thank you aunt.
So you make paintings too?
- Yeah. just like that.
ls your dad still angry?
How do you know?
Mom to mom. you know.
l know. BBC.
For you.
- Thanks.
Do you want to see my paintings?
- Sure.
This one l did last year in Wales.
in the school trip..
..its made with charcoal.
smooth look.
Beautiful.
And this one is my favourite.
l had made it for mom and dad.
Okay. - When l was 10..
Do you know why l feel that
the Eiffel is so romantic?
Why?
- Because 20 years ago..
..my dad proposed to my mom here.
He said l love you to her.
Then. her first kiss.
Guess what. today Simi had come..
..and when l asked if you
had danced with her..
..so she just laughed. she said
that nothing of that sort..
..had happened.
Wait. wait you asked Simi for
what Shantu said to you.
l didnt ask her. we were just
talking and.. - No. no. no.
That means you are still verifying
you dont trust me.
No. its not like that Simi was
just teasing me about you..
Oh very good. even Simi
is making fun of me now.
Rohan. whats wrong with
you its just girl talk.
You dont know anything. stay
away from that Simi..
..she is smarter than she looks.
Rohan. now what problem
do you have with Simi.
What do you mean by now?
Who else do l have a problem with?
Just dont talk to her.
How can you decide whom
will l talk to..
..and whom will l not talk to?
First Shantu and now Simi.
Shantu. so you miss
talking to Shantu.
Rohan. l was just giving an example..
..why do you always take the
wrong meaning of everything.
l am wrong. and Shantu is
right. then go to him.
Rohan. why are you
acting so immature.
Oh. l am very sorry Ayesha.
You have matured a lot..
..you dont need an
advice from anyone..
..and specially not from me.
Then go and do your work.
just get out. - l will.
Yes go.
You go.
Going. anyway dad had
forced me thats why..
Take this too!
Go to bloody hell Ayesha.
Rohan. why have you
made a mess around?
He will not move from his place.
Hello. Ayesha. hi dear.
Mom please. l dont
want to talk to her.
What happened aunt. he has still
not returned? - Rohan is..
Please. l dont want to talk to her.
Tell her that l have gone
to the club with Vasu.
Just tell her l dont
want to talk to her.
Tell her that l am in the club.
l dont want to talk to her.
You had called to say bye.
Yes dear. l will ask
him to call you up.
Thanks aunt.
- Bye. take care.
Bye.
To say bye. why where am l going?
Not you she is going to Paris
along with her mom..
..by tomorrow morning flight.
What is happening Rohan. this
was her 3rd call. - Oh fish..
Dont you have any
courtesy to say bye?
And clean that mess right now.
- Yeah.
Ayesha. l have kept the
heels in your bags.
What happened?
Dear.
Dont worry dear.
Dear. he will surely come to
see you off at the airport.
l know these boys.
Mom. what time is aunt Sheetals
flight tomorrow?
9 o clock in the morning.
Taxi
Sir. what time is the morning
flight of Paris.
lt has been delayed for 2 hours..
..it will leave at 1 1 o clock.
lts okay.
Lets go mama.
Excuse me.
Flight is delayed. we have to wait.
Oh fish!
Ayesha.
Oh sorry.
Come on do your work.
Sir. the flight to Paris?
Mother. is someone going
to come to the airport?
Uncle Tony.
Your uncle Tony is too much.
You wait l will call
your Pammi aunty.
Just wait.
- Okay.
Excuse me.
- Yes.
The time please.
- 9:30. Thanks.
Pammi was saying that
she has sent someone.
l dont know which
fool she has sent.
Excuse me maam. l am that
fool.. l mean this.
Are you from lndia?
- Yes. actually from Chandigarh.
l have come to Paris for
a painting course.
Higher studies you know.
And here l stay with aunt Pammi..
..l mean l stay with Mr and Mrs.
Singh as a paying guest.
What is your name?
My. my name is Sameer Kohli.
And l am Ayesha.
- And l am Mrs Sheetal from Delhi.
Hi Sheetal. how are you?
So good to see you.
Hi aunt.
- Hi Ayesha.
How are you? You have grown up.
And where is Tony. he didnt
even come to the airport..
..is everything fine?
l will take care of him
later. let him come.
Why. what did he forget now?
Nothing. come in.
Pammi. today l found
such a tune in the park..
We can find the tune later too..
..first tell me. did you
find Ayesha and Sheetal?
Where. from the park?
From the airport. you had
gone to pick them up.
Me.
- Yes.
Dont.. dont.. dont joke Pammi.
Their flight is for tomorrow..
lt arrived today.
l knew it. thats why
l had sent Sameer too.
l am sorry. sorry Sheetal.
lts okay.
Hello Sheetal.
- Hello.
Alisha didnt come?
- Ayesha.
l mean. where..
- Hi uncle.
Hi. you have grown up so much.
Sorry dear. l always
mess up things..
..when l take Miffy out.
You used to have some other dog.
What do you mean. l still have.
Tony. whose dog did you bring along?
Where is Miffy?
What have you taken my dog away?
l was to take my dog away.
l had to run behind you.
Nice dog.
l am done for.
My baby.
Come on baby. lets go home.
Now both the dogs were
tied to the same bench.
The lease was of the
same colour too.
Maybe by mistake..
- By mistake l married you!
One day mistakenly you
will change your wife.
Mistakenly..
You have gone. l am still here.
Still l am not here.
Do you know when you are not there.
Nothing seems to be right.
Everything thats happening l
cannot understand anything.
My heart is where you are
l cannot tolerate this distance.
You have gone. l am still here.
Still l am not here.
Do you know when
you are not there?
Nothing seems to be right.
Yes. this is what you call love.
Yes l win. come on give me ten.
What has happened to you?
Sudheer. shall
l tell you something..
..will you laugh.
- No. tell me.
l.. first you promise me
that you wont laugh..
..and you wont tell anyone.
And you wont tease you.
- Okay. l wont now tell me.
Okay.
l..
- Tell me.
That.. - lts time for me to
go home. l am going home
l am missing Ayesha.
Missing Ayesha.
Hello. hello.
Hello.
Hi.
- Oh. hi.
Where to? - Painting classes.
its a new project..
..would you like to see it?
- Sure.
Here.
- Oh its beautiful. charcoal.
So you have an interest
in sketching people.
l really like to absorb people
Specially. if l find
someone interesting.
Okay. l will not laugh.
Devdas.
Come have orange juice.
There is no alcohol. so you
will have to do with juice.
Okay. whats the tension?
Call her up and say sorry.
l tried that.
Her moms number is out of service..
..and l dont have any
number of Paris.
Then do one thing. go to Paris.
What else?
Go to the Eiffel Tower and
tell her everything.
You might be slapped
in the beginning..
..but after that. everything
will be smooth.
She will kiss you.
lts useless talking to you.
You take everything
seriously. Devdas.
My ten rupees.
l am very late today.
Hello.
Yes. just a second.
lts a call for you.
- Bye. - Bye.
Hello.
- Hey Ayesha.
Hey what a surprise.
Whose voice is that?
- Hi Ayesha.
Hi Ruhi. you were in New York.
Now l am here. l wanted
to meet the friends..
Tell her to come here.
- The entire gang is here.
Me Sana Doris and even Joe
is coming in the weekend.
Wow. a reunion.
So you know who is missing.
when are you coming?
Me. l dont know.
What nonsense Ayesha. who knows if
we will meet after this or not.
Yeah. but..
- Hey. dont be a fool.
You can come to France
but not London.
You have to come.
lts just two hours away.
we will have a blast.
Come on. this weekend
we will see you here.
Whos that. is that Ayesha?
And talk to Doris when you
come here. okay bye.
Love you. see you.
My dad proposed to my mom here.
near the Eiffel Tower.
Thats the most romantic
thing to do.
Not you she is leaving. along
with her mom to Paris..
..with the morning flight.
Then do one thing. go to Paris.
Do you know. why l feel that
the Eiffel is so romantic?
20 years ago my dad proposed
to my mom here.
And then their first kiss.
Call the doctor. he has gone mad.
lt is a nonsense idea.
Paris is not near Mussoorie..
..that you left in the morning.
toured the place..
..and return in the evening.
Where is the lemonade?
- There.
Give me.
Sorry guys. actually Farhas
had called and..
What happened. is he still stubborn
about going to Paris.
l was just joking.
But what a romance. till now
no one in Lawrence High..
..didnt even go to Patiyala
that too after a girl.
Encourage him some more.
l will give to you.
Dont give it. take it.
Rohan. think about it logically
think about it practically..
..basically just think about it.
l have thought about it.
l am going to Paris.
Okay. even if you go to Paris
what will you say to her?
Hi. l was free so l thought l will
just drop in and say hello.
What if she is busy?
Where will you stay in Paris?
And where will you get
the money from?
She will return in a month.
The ticket costs forty thousand.
and the visa.
Place a bet. you wont go to Paris.
- Come on.
Oh man.
No mama. l dont feel
like going to London.
Why not dear. all your
friends are there..
..you will have fun.
- But mama..
Dear. you must go.
Your mood will change too.
l will come along with you too.
okay. - Okay.
No. no. no Abhiroop. it
is 45 degree isosceles..
..and l have done this 4 times.
Sorry.
- lts okay.
Astronauts. are you
going to the moon?
Not the moon.
we are going to France.
France. then..
Maths Olympiad is the biggest
contest of the Maths in the world..
..which is being held in the
capital city of France.
And both of us are going.
But why did they catch me.
it was not mine.
Guys. l have a plan.
But l need help. of yours..
and Lala.
Sir. actually l want to
ask you a question sir.
Actually l was thinking
for a long time..
..the difference between accountancy
and book keeping..
..l dint understand that correctly.
Were you sleeping for so many days?
Sir. why are you looking at me?
This time. maybe Sudheer.. -Sudheer.
Good morning.
- Good morning. good morning.
Lala is gone. come on quickly.
Good morning sir.
Morning.
Who was it sir?
The schools letter head.
what will you do now?
Maths Olympiad is the biggest
contest of the Maths in the world..
..which is being held in the
capital city of France.
And l am going there.
You will take in the maths Olympiad.
l will have to do something
for the school.
But what is this letterhead for?
We will type the
French visa on this.
So that it looks like that
the school is sending you..
..officially to Paris.
Wow. you are a genius.
Wow. your future is very bright.
What about the school stamp?
When will the cards come in use?
Hurry up.
When are you going to London?
On this weekend.
- Have a blast.
What happened?
Are you going to meet your friends
or to write an exam?
No. l dont feel like
going anywhere?
Why. do you like Paris so much?
No. not exactly.
Thats bad news for Paris.
Where will we get the ticket from?
When will your brother Farhass
travel agency come in use?
The ticket costs 40. 000.
Will Pappu pay for the money?
Not Pappu. papa will.
l have a plan.
Every Sunday papa goes to
the club. to play golf.
But he starts getting
ready from 12.
That means l have
exactly one hour..
..for this entire operation.
That means. as soon as dad goes
in the bathroom. l will..
Come on. go. go. go start it.
Come on. Start it.
Hurry up. take a right from here.
Wait. wait. wait come on carefully.
What is this?
Come on. move. move. move.
Switch on the photocopy.
Rohan. wont your dad know
that we are taking..
..forty thousand rupees
from his credit card.
No chance. dad travels
around the world..
..15 days a month. all the
payments from the card.
And the bill is paid by the office.
Dad never even checks it.
how much the bill is.
He wont even notice it.
Hurry up.
Guys. 10:30 flight.
Come on.
Got it.
Click it.
Here. here.
Guys.
Your ticket.
Thanks.
- Come on.
Come on.
Car. Dad.
Mom. mom.
- What happened?
Dad.
- He just left. where were you?
l have the juice on
the table. drink it.
Renu.
- What happened?
l forgot my wallet at home.
- Not again.
Dad. your wallet.
Sameer. try this please.
l dont wear such shirts.
- Not for you. for my..
Just kidding. will it fit him?
- Yeah.
Friendship is like my style.
Please mom.
Mom. please.
l am not going to talk to your dad.
Dad is calling you inside.
You want to go to Nainital.
- No dad. actually.. - No.
Okay no problem close the
door while going out.
When will you return?
Dad. dad you are the best.
- You have a good time boy.
Welcome to paradise.
Surely drink your milk. okay.
- Yeah mom.
And your hair..
- Mom. please mom.
You are leaving.
- Dad.
Thanks dad.
You have a good trip okay.
- Thanks dad.
Okay. l am going bye.
Mom.
Thanks guys.
Rohan. everything said and done..
..how will you search for her there?
l have got a plan.
- Oh..
Bye guys.. and thanks.
All that you have done for me..
lts okay friend.
- The sacrifices.. - Come on..
..dont start crying
at the airport.
What will you bring
for us from Paris?
French woman.
- ln 7. 000 at the most..
..l can bring French
toast for all of you.
Will that do.
Oh God got to go.
- Take care man.
All the best man.
Remember. Ayeshas aunts
name is Parminder.
l know. - And have you taken
the French dictionary. - Yes.
Dont forget to change the
currency at the counter.
Okay.
And remember. there is a lot
of scare of AlDS there.
Anything else mummy. wont
you give him chavanprash?
He has got the tickets. why
are you advising him now.
See you brother.
You won the bet. friend.
This is 10 Euros.
The bet was on an
international level.
Enough now.
Have fun.
Thanks.
- All the best. brother.
See you guys.
- Take care.
Finally he left.
Want to place a bet for 10.
he will not find her.
Why you..
Flight Al from new delhi..
Lets go.
- Okay.
Now take me to a hotel.
a good hotel.
Hotel Meridian.
- Yeah cool.
How do you say sounds
cool in French?
Excuse me.
- Yeah.
How much is the hotel cost.
l mean the room.. how much money?
Madam. which is the
cheapest hotel of Paris.
How much.
- 30 Euros.
30 Euros.
Thanks.
- Thanks.
Where have l come.
in the path of love?
Thanks.
- Thank you.
Where have l come.
in the path of love?
l am searching for my love..
Hello. Parminders house.
ls Ayesha there?
Aunt Ayesha. she is in Chandigarh.
Uncle. uncle daddy has
bought a new car..
..the petrol doesnt
get over at all.
Hello. yes Parmider Singh
Puneshar speaking.
Aunt Pammi.
lndian. son l have to make an
urgent call. - But aunt..
Try to understand
- Okay.
Thank you.
Catch this packet.
stand here. here.
Hello. - Ayesha. your uncle again..
who is playing the violin?
lts him isnt it.
when did he arrive?
About 10 minutes ago. why.
Ask him where he is coming from.
Uncle. Tony uncle.. where
are you coming from?
Muffet Marsh. l had gone to bring
your ticket for London..
..did you forget.
- Mufita Marshe.
Now ask him. with whom did he go?
Uncle. with whom did you go?
Alone. no. no l had
gone with Ms. Pammi.
So aunt Pammi is there
and you are here.
She is there. and l am here.
l am here.. oh God.
Hello Pammi..
- You forgot me again.
Actually..
- Where is your mind these days?
And do you have a mind or not?
You dont even remember
that you have a wife.
No. no l remember that.
l mean sorry..
..very sorry Pammi.
Quickly tell me where you are.
Where you had left me. Room Buffeta.
But why should l tell you. so
that you can go elsewhere.
Give the phone to Ayesha.
- Yes. Ayesha.
Hello. yes. yes l will tell Sameer.
Thank you. God bless you son.
69143268.
Hello. - Hello aunt.
this is Ayesha speaking.
Hello Ayesha. how are you dear?
ls Rohan there aunt?
Rohan has gone to Nainital.
Okay. thank you bye.
Pammi problem plus lndian embassy..
..equals to my solution. Taxi!
My last hope.
- lndian embassy.
Where there is a full scope
of Pammis address.
Excuse me.
- Money.
Right sir. we had it in our records..
..here is your number.
Mrs. Parminder Kaur.
First time in France?
- Yes. and in Paris too.
One minute sir. can l see
your passport. - Yes sure.
Just a formality.
- No problem.
Here.
- Thank you sir. be back in a minute.
Mr. Rohan Sood. will you have
to come with me please.
Where?
Pammi. l am really. really..
- Getting old.
Today you have crossed
all your limits.
What if someone would have
abducted me - You..
Tony. enough.
Forget all that and give me
the tickets of Sheetal..
..and Ayesha to London.
l had given the tickets to you.
Tony.. yes.
l think.. l kept in the purse..
Oh God. those tickets on the
counter. in the purse. the taxi..
She has forgotten the tickets.
did you see Victor.
Pammi where is your
mind these days?
That.. - Do you know they
wont be able to go..
..to London now. all the tickets
are booked till next week.
How did that happen?
Sameer. can anything be done?
- No.
Sheetal that.. - lts okay Pammi.
we will go next time.
Mr. Sood. you have come from Delhi.
- Yes.
Running away from home.
- Yeah.. no.
l am sorry you are being detained..
..and sent back to lndia by
tonights 10:30 flight.
You are being deported.
When God made credit cards..
..then why didnt he explain
the credit limit?
Flash back. yesterday
at Delhis restaurant.
Let me pay. let me pay. - No. no
its on me l insist. - Yes sir.
Okay.
Thank you sir.
l am sorry sir you credit
card has been declined.
What nonsense!
How can the limit of my card be..
Forty thousand rupees.
Are you guys out of your mind.
A return trip to Paris.
l mean. why would l go to Paris..
Rohan Sood. l see.
Yes. he is my son.
Ministry of external affairs.
Can l speak to Mr. Sanyal please?
Hey Ajay. this is Shekar speaking.
Yes l am fine. how are you?
Listen.. there is a problem.
l need your help.
See and your aunt calls
me absent-minded.
Sir. this is a big problem.
Now without ticket..
- Yes Rajesh.
Sameer. sir.
- Yes.
Do you want to go to London
with an empty suitcase?
London.
- Yes. ticket to London.
Your aunt had forgotten her purse
at the travel agents counter.
Sir. you are a saviour.
And her purse.
What is the hurry. let
me take my revenge..
..l will return it back to her.
This situation wasnt
in the script.
What shall l do now?
Chill Rohan. you will short it out.
You are the man. you are the dude.
Time for some country attitude.
Excuse me! l know my rights!
According to the constitutional
law l can make a phone call.
Lawyer sir. you can make all
the phone calls you want..
..we have only detained
you and not arrested you.
Relax tell me if you want
to go to the bathroom.
Phone.
Fool.
Got the tickets. how?
What do you care?
With such a lot of difficulty.
using my connections..
..l have arranged for
duplicate tickets.
lsnt it Saurav?
Thanks brother.
No. no its okay.
Now dont you forget who is
absent minded in this house!
Why will l forget?
Tony. thank you.
lts okay.
Excuse me.
Hello. who?
Yeah. yeah sure.
Ayesha. for you.
Here. - Come on. move.
Hello.
- Ayesha. its me Rohan.
Rohan. what a surprise.
Ayesha. l want to meet you.
So finally you got the
time to call back.
We have to meet.
- But l dont want to meet.
Ayesha l have come to meet you.
But l.. you have come to meet me.
Rohan. where are you?
Paris.
- Paris!
ln the lndian Embassy in Paris
and l want to meet you..
..7:30 in the evening
below the Eiffel Tower.
Rohan..
- We have to meet Ayesha..
..because tonight l am
flying back to Delhi..
..with the 10:30 flight.
Remember. 7:30 Eiffel Tower.
l promise. this time
l wont ditch you.
l got to go bye.
Yeah. yeah Sana we will
see you there. bye.
All is well?
- Yeah.
Ayesha. maybe when you will
return we wont meet..
..l have 8 conventions.
So heres a..
lts beautiful. thanks Sameer.
What happened didnt
you like it much?
No. its not that?
Any problem?
How far is the Eiffel
Tower from here?
Hello. yes.
Yes we are open.
Excuse me. no smoking please.
Oh. sorry.
Eiffel Tower. at this time.
Mama. l had to buy the souvenirs..
..of the Eiffel Tower
for my friends.
Dear. see the time we
have to leave at 7:30..
..and in this traffic.
l dont think so.
Let it be dear. there is a
shop of my acquaintance..
..on the way. we will
buy it from there.
But l had promised. that l will..
l will be back quick mom.
- What is this craziness?
Please mom.
- No Ayesha.
Go and get ready.
Take it easy Sheetal.
she is just a child..
..she will understand.
- Ayesha..
There is a fire! There is a fire!
Someone call the security!
Come on quick!
Have you done all the packing?
Yes the packing is done.
What is the time now?
- There is a lot of time..
..take a seat. sit. sit.
- Sit down.
Come on.
Where are you going Sameer?
Maam. maam you always ask me..
..to make a painting of all of you.
So lets do it.
How nice. what a nice idea.
Not a nice idea. he takes
2 hours for one face..
..for three faces he
will take 6 hours.
Dont they have to catch a flight?
No maam. first l used to make the
painting in Da Vincis style..
..but now we are being thought
the Algorian Dali style..
..in the class.
By which we can make the painting
in just half an hour
He has changed the style.
He will make it in a jiffy.
Sameer. once we return from London..
..then you can do it.
No maam. then l wont be there..
..l have my art convention.
so lets do it.
Come on Sheetal. we dont have
a single family portrait..
..l am ready Basheer.
- Sameer.
Yes. l mean that with the violin.
Actually sir. let us go to my room..
..the light there is better.
- Yes come on.
But it is dark there.
- lt is dark there.
There will be a better effect
in the dark light.
Dark is a better effect.
- Really. - Yes.
Ayesha. you come along too.
Mum. l have to do some more packing.
- Okay.
Shall l change the suit?
No maam. this is so good.
This is so good. get
up come on. come on.
Okay. perfect.
Come on Shamsher. we are ready.
Sameer. sir.
Come on Miffy. and dont you
dare make me look fat.
No maam. not at all.
l forgot my thin brush outside.
l am so sorry..
..l will just get it.
Dont forget us.
- l will be back in a minute please.
Go and come back soon.
Ayesha. l was searching for you.
This is my Metro rail pass.
You will get a bus number
82 from Ecoair Mitair..
..direct to Eiffel.
Sameer.. - Go quickly. l can
stop them for only an hour.
You must leave.. go..
You must be thinking that..
lf you try to understand girls..
..then you will have to dedicate
your entire life.
Painter! - Coming sir.
All the best. Bye.
Thanks Sameer.
Excuse me.
Go straight.
Excuse me. Eiffel Tower.
- That way.
Are you finished?
- No. l have just started.
Good. then l will call Ayesha.
She must have finished her packing.
No maam l had just
said it like that.
lll be just back. okay?
Ticket to Eiffel.
- 10 Euros.
Thank you.
- Welcome.
Ayesha. Ayesha. where are you dear.
Ayesha. where are you dear?
Ayesha.
Maam..
Look Sameer. please tell us.
Sameer please tell us.
where has she gone.
Who knows where she might be.
Maam. maam. please dont
worry. she will return.
ln a strange city she has
gone to meet a strange boy.
How can we be not worried?
Let us elders handle this.
Whenever you want do
something right..
..it always happens the opposite.
Excuse me.
- Yes.
The train goes to Eiffel? -Sorry.
you are on the wrong train.
Eiffel is in the other direction.
Now how will Rohan reach Eiffel?
Ayesha didnt expect
this out of her.
Train to Eiffel?
- Platform number 2.
Sir. which way is this?
Shortcut. l will reach before her.
Excuse me.
Ticket madam. thank you.
Thank you.
Ticket madam.
Excuse me. l have
forgotten my purse.
l have to get there by 7:30.
to see my boyfriend.
Sorry. sorry madam l cant
allow you by bus.
lts not possible.
But please.
Sir isnt your shortcut
a bit too long.
We have reached. see whats that
- What?
Museum.
Yes officer. Rohan Sood.
03:28:49:00 French.
These Delhi people always
do the opposite..
..of what is told to them.
The stupid fools.
Excuse me.
By bus longer. by walk 5 minutes.
Thanks.
Bus to Eiffel?
10 minutes.
That means 10 minutes.
Oh fish.
Excuse me. cycle to Eiffel how
long.. how long from here?
This cycle. very long.
How much time. time. time. time.
So say. how you say in English 7:30.
Okay. hire cycle.
rent how much money?
Hire. yes.
This cycle one hour. 10 Euros.
Thats 10 Euros. - lt was a
bet of international level.
Thanks Sudheer. here.
Pammi. a bit..
Pammi. there is a speed breaker.
- Quiet.
Sorry.
Excuse me. Eiffel?
Thanks.
Rohan.
Yes.
No. not Rohan.
Please. please let me go.
Thats why l dont let you drive.
Dont distract me when l am driving.
Let me go there. please.
That constable is standing there.
Stop. theres a red light.
Rohan.
Maam. look ahead look ahead.
You have gone. l am still here.
Still l am not here.
Do you know when
you are not there.
Nothing seems to be right.
Everything thats happening l
cannot understand anything.
My heart is where you are
l cannot tolerate this distance.
l am here. l am still here.
Still l am not here.
Do you know. when we
are not together..
Ayesha..
Stop. what class?
- 1 1 C.
What house?
- Tagore.
Who is your class teacher?
- Ms. Poonawala.
Does she know you are
out of your class?
Does anyone know you are
out of the country?
Yes.
- What yes.
So.
Nice place.
- Yeah.
Nice.. nice trees.
For you.
Thank you.
Ayesha. l love you.
l just said what was in my heart.
l was unaware of it myself.
l was lost in your melody.
l was so crazy.
l didnt understand
what had happened.
Everything seems to be new.
The entire world has changed.
Yes. this is what you call love.
Please dont have this..
lf there would have been an
Oscar for the wrong timing..
..then surely l would have got it.
Actually we both would have.
Caught in action by mummy.
Ms. Pammi..
..Mr. Tony. and who is he?
Come on.
- Ayesha stop it.
Rohan..
Did you see that?
Yes. l am seeing it.
Not exactly a happy ending.
l mean. Ayeshas mom catches us
in the middle of the action..
..back at lndia. what will
be reaction of dad?
There wont be anyway
for me to escape.
But l think its worth it.
Ayesha. me and the Eiffel.
Maybe this is the first
happy ending of my life.
Or happy beginning.
The dreams have started..
..from now we are companions
of journey of love.
Like the first intoxication.
the first sight.
The first feeling.
Why does it feel that
love is everything?
The friendship of the
friends feels less.
The ambience is mesmerising
and so am l.
How can l explain to you.
this is my first love.
There is faith in the eyes.
This is my first love.
Subtitles by